hello it's Ruby and today it is
Christmas Day
I want to stress that I really am not
trying to shove in any way at all
this video was so highly requested and
if it had not been I would not be
filming this now so without further ado
let's begin I'm going to stop with what
I got from my parents so the first thing
I got with some books I didn't get as
many books as last year not showing a
lot but the one that I did get I'm so
excited to read so I got actually this
one's from Santa
but it's Feinstein's riddle and this is
filled with loads of really interesting
riddles that you can try which are
supposed to structural brain then I got
500 words you should know so this is
lots of skill words and they're really
great words and positive quandry
ratiocination lovely words and I got the
art of Higgy I think it's pronounced and
this is this Norwegian idea of coziness
so it's got some recipes DIYs then I got
the outsider by Albert Camus and then
the last book was Harry Potter and the
Goblet of Fire this is a really lovely
addition I forgot to show you these
before but I also got Harry Potter and
the cursed child my mum also got me this
bubble moleskin journal and I got two
DVDs I got if I stay and miracles from
heaven I've really watched this one and
it is seriously one of the best films
I've ever watched you have to see it
so make things that I asked for this
year was clothes and so I got some
things from Abercrombie and Bowden and
I'm going to start by showing you what i
got from Bowden the first thing is this
top that I write at the moment it's two
pairs of leggings I got one pair of blue
leggings I
a pair of black leggings then I got a
pair of light blue skinny jeans really
lovely white top then I got a pair of
velvet shorts and the last thing is this
really lovely marshmallow collared
pointelle t-shirt next from Abercrombie
first of all I got this lovely pink K
walnut jumper then I got this who did
jumper with a moose on the front then I
going to jump up with another moose on
the front this one really reminds me of
the front of Doppler which is a really
good book by a Norwegian writer then I
got this sleeveless tank top low sleeved
kind of lace tee long-sleeve shirt then
these two are actually from my
grandparents but because I from
Abercrombie I thought I'd show you them
now the first one is this long-sleeved
Abercrombie shirt and the second thing
is this short-sleeved blue shirt then I
got two pairs of pajamas the first one
is this night dress and it says you're
not sleeping over and this is a family
inside joke and then I got this pair of
pajamas from Muji and they're just
lovely button up button up ones but her
pajamas are my favorites
next I'm going to even more
miscellaneous items that I got so the
first thing is it's actually quite heavy
it's this soap & Glory suitcase thing my
sister like each one of these and it's
just one of the loads of different
products then next and my sister and I
got these to share we got to crazy our
thinking putties this one is a magnetic
one in Quicksilver and this one is a
Phantom's in Foxfire then I got one of
the mini tins and this one is a North
Star is this white company Seychelles
hand cream and hand wash then I got this
mini Ted Baker makeup bag and inside
there was a hand cream a lip balm and a
body
then for my dad I got this concealer
this lanyard with lovely stars all over
it this sealing wax by manuscript this
lovely raindrops folder from peak chase
and I'm using this for philosophy notes
two things from Kiki K the first is this
weekly good habits tracker and the
second is this really lovely pump the
next thing is something I was really
excited about and something I actually
asked for and it is this kindle light so
you just clip it onto your Kindle and
then you can read when it's dark and
lastly I got some tea related things I
want this silver tea infuser and then
load two loads of loose leaf tea this
one is scrumptious spiced apple and this
one is peaches or cream and I'm really
excited to try this because I love to
you next I'm going to show you what I
got in my Christmas stocking so the
first thing is this giant pack of
multicolored Twizzlers then I got some
mini book covers candles they're from
the page ones this one is Gatsby
shoreline this one's a free elf then I
got Christmas at Hogwarts reading nook
and then I got a slightly bigger candle
and this one is in to Giambi Baker
Street which is possibly my favorite
candle of all time then the next thing I
got was a mini bedrick spotter book this
music box and I love music boxes so much
some look at chocolate this little love
heart keyring with a bee on it
two of these little red hair clips I got
this tiny mirror this Baby Lips in pina
colada
because this is my favourite mocktail
who else EW I got three pairs of
fat-faced socks and this powered
reindeer this pair with polar bears and
then this one with clouds then my being
present from Santa this year cause
extremely childish but this is something
that I have been looking at for about
three or four years now and I just think
that they're really lovely so I'm really
grateful to have received it I love
something from my American Girl doll I
got kick kick to jizz pajamas and I also
got the matching pajamas for myself and
they're actually such a beautiful print
and I love the color to go along with
this is this doodle backpack set and I
really do just lot miniature things so I
marvel at tiny pencils and pencil box so
I'm really grateful to receive this next
I'm going to show you what I received
from my sister Martha the first things
were a paradox socks but they're
downstairs at moment so then she got me
this cinnamon spice candle with some
coconut and Rose soothing body oil it is
lovely these are really cool they're
Harry Potter notepads
this one is Daily Prophet and this one
is the Quibbler she got me a black brew
nectar gos lip balm some Yankee Candle
tea lights that these are the entry' me
summer night this makeup bag it's a
lovely red color quite Gryffindor I feel
and I got this little blue technology
sat some really adorable sticky note and
these are Japanese and she also got me
some green tea flavored KitKat and then
lastly she got me this gorgeous dipping
pen from foot in the Mason and it it's
got this polished wooden handle what
your room Christmas all crime either
Martha also got me this snow good I may
take so now Martha's going to show you
what I got half of Christmas okay so the
first thing it's like an early Christmas
present
and it was like these bath salts very
kinetic sad thing IQs this that earrings
that they how hard because I make her
love some coconut oil like hair mass
product is she got me this plush listen
to me and she all this is so cool ok its
cooled into galactic and it's this kind
like eyeshadow it's all shimmery purple
case a lip balm and a spicy weather and
it's like pink then she went into
Victoria's Secrets and she made me carry
the vibe to her to London and she just
got it in front of me and everything
which got B's it was I did not cushions
I've wanted that one and this cactus and
from my auntie uncle and cousins I got
this sattell of socks and then I also
got this book which I wanted to read
since I was about nine years old and it
is a childhood at green hedges by imager
Smallwood who was in a blight and
thought oh these are quite rather and
published them anymore so I'm really
excited to read it then from my
grandparents two pairs of fluffy socks
through this mug gorgeous notepad and
that is a pen and notepad and then a
bookmark and then I got two books the
first book is The God Delusion by
Richard Dawkins and the second is the
High School Survival Guide by Jess from
study with jazz and I am so excited to
read this I wanted to read it since it
came out in September now I mean she
what I got from friends so first of all
I was part of two secret standards the
first one wasn't within my form and my
friend Hannah got me this gorgeous paper
taste notepad and the other one was in
the sixth form I got this really lovely
set of body butters from soap & Glory
and also this lovely John Lewis mug and
bauble set from my friend Anna a coffee
of the tales of the Beadle in the barred
Katie got me that's really clean little
cellophane bag with some celebrations in
it via fives at my school got me some
Smarties my friend Aisling got me a
chocolate teddy bears probably got me
two little chocolate bars a lot of slide
a really lovely card my friend Maya got
me this lovely chocolate orange along
with these mini bath bombs when my
as friends Eleanor got me this book and
it looks amazing it's a little history
of literature by John Hsu theland
another one of my best friends Natasha
got to me this lovely room diffuser in
the scent snowy pine it is so
aesthetically attractive the fantastic
beasts screenplay and oh my gosh I
really love this from my best friend
Emily the sweetest gift so his house is
gorgeous wrapping paper in this little
bag so she got me this really lovely
bracelet with a little R on it this pin
which says WWF Emma nice library coat UK
some washi tape because who doesn't love
washi tape this pack of three exercise
books from Paper Chase and these are so
gorgeous so there's this one this one
and this one then this vintage and Co
slope flowers and these look really cool
and they smell amazing too then the last
thing she taught me is something she
actually made herself and it is so
amazing it's this jar um with pictures
of us in there are two pictures this one
is very silly the one on the back and
the other one is from our year 11 prom I
absolutely adore this and it's so
beautiful so next I wanted to show you
what I got from my friend Ruby who you
of course have probably seen on my
channel first thing she got me is this
American girl Gryffindor cardigan and
she sent me this Hagrid's Deathly
Hallows bookmark then the last thing she
sent me is this book the Martian this is
a book that Ruby recommended to me a few
months ago thank you so much for this
movie my cousins Shannon Christie gave
me this really really lovely candle it's
from Sandy Bay London and this is in
lemon and lime and I can smell it from
the outside of the box it smells amazing
then I've got just a few other things to
show you from friends from our friends
as main key to their family I got this
amazing it's so beautiful this Ted
the past and so thank you so much as
negati from my friend Indira who is into
Phi 89 here on YouTube she sent me this
harvest Bazaar rain scented candle and
this is so unique I've never smelled a
ring scented candle before and then she
also sent me some Ananda raspberry
marshmallows but I actually did a review
of these marshmallows I'll leave the
link down below then from another of our
really great family friends Molly and
her family and they gave me this book
journal and in here you can write down
books to read and then reviews of all of
the books that you do read these socks
actually in the water so I can't show
you but our friends Sophie and Amber in
their family you got me some Kath kids
to the socks this last thing only just
arrived so I'm adding it onto the end of
this video quickly but it is from my
friend Margaux who was Potter Anna here
on YouTube and she sent me this really
lovely
ravenclaw coaster so thank you so much
for watching I hope that you enjoyed and
I hope that you had a wonderful
Christmas if you don't celebrate
Christmas and I hope you just had a
lovely break and manages their lots of
great time with family so that is I wish
you all the best for 2017 and reach your
goals and have a productive week